Hi, guys.
Another service you need to understand for the exam is the security token service S.T. Yes.
So S.A.S. is a Web service that enables you to request temporary, limited privilege credentials for
IAM users or users that you will enter Kate.
So Federated Users.
So this means those users can have temporary credentials for accessing certain services.
Now, I'll show you a diagram shortly to help you to understand what that means.
A few more facts before we get to the diagram.
A.W. SSD is a global service and requests go to a single endpoint.
So it's Estes's to Amazon A.W. s dot com.
And that's the HDTV PSM point.
Now all regions are enabled for SJS by default, but this can be disabled and the region in which temporary
credentials are requested must be enabled.
Credentials will always work globally.
So those are just a few facts you might need to know.
So let's look at an example.
So we have Andrea and she is in one A.W. s account.
Now, Andrea might need to access a resource in account B.
So in this case, that resource is the simple storage service.
So it's a storage will cover in this course.
And it basically means you can upload objects such as images and files to that service.
So Andrea may need to access some of those files or images, but there aren't enough accounts.
How does she do that?
Well, one way is to use a roll.
So there's a role in Account B.
And Andrea is going to assume that role and gain whatever permissions are assigned to that role.
So that role will have a permissions policy that allows access to S3.
So, Andrew, Andrew attempts to assume the role, the role then talks to SD s and SD.
SDM provides limited privilege, temporary credentials to Andrea.
Andrea can then use those credentials to access the service.
So I know that's a little bit complex, but we'll be using roles quite a lot in this course.
So it's just good to understand what's happening behind the scenes using the security token service.
So I hope that makes sense.
And we finished with the theoretical part of this section now.
And the next thing is we're gonna go straight into trading our free to air account and we're going to
use some of the skills that you've just learned.